1. A transformation done prior to the queries will be done to average the features per day and then generate a tempdiff feature thats the difference between temp and templow. (done via beam.Pardo). The query will inner join the Activity_v4 table and the weather table on the date to find whether there is a correlation between the weather conditions, such as temperature and humidity, and the number activities in congress. The data transformations will find the dates that are in each number of activities tier and see if weather conditions vary for more active days rather than less active days (done with groupby's as well).

2. A transformation done prior to the queries will be done to average the features per day and then generate a tempdiff feature thats the difference between temp and templow. (done via beam.Pardo). The query will check whether the weather on the dates the house passes bills or dates that the senate passes bills is hotter. The query wll inner join the Basic_History_v4 and the weather table on the date column. Then, the transformations will gather all the dates the house passes and average the temperature and compare that with the average temperature of all the dates the senate passes, which requires house_passage_result_at and senate_passage_result_at (done with groupby's as well).

3. A transformation done prior to the queries will be done to average the features per day and then generate a tempdiff feature thats the difference between temp and templow. (done via beam.Pardo). The query will see if it is more humid on the dates for sponsored_at or withdrawn_at in the Sponsors_v4 table, which we will inner join with the weather table (done with groupby's as well). 

4. A transformation done prior to the queries will be done to average the features per day and then generate a tempdiff feature thats the difference between temp and templow. (done via beam.Pardo). The query will inner join the BillSponsors_v4 table and the weather table on the date to find whether there is a correlation between the weather conditions, such as temperature and humidity, and the number sponsored bills in congress. The data transformations will find the dates that are in each number of sponsored tier and see if weather conditions vary for more days with more sponsored bills than days with less sponsored bills (done with groupby's as well).

5. A transformation done prior to the queries will be done to average the features per day and then generate a tempdiff feature thats the difference between temp and templow. (done via beam.Pardo). The query will inner join the Basic_History_v4 table and the weather table on the date to find whether there is a correlation between the weather conditions, such as temperature and humidity, and the number introduced bills in congress. The data transformations will find the dates that are in each number of introduced tier and see if weather conditions vary for more days with more introduced bills than days with less introduced bills done with groupby's as well).

6. A transformation done prior to the queries will be done to average the features per day and then generate a tempdiff feature thats the difference between temp and templow. (done via beam.Pardo). The query will inner join Sponsors_01_to_012 table and the weather table on the date to find a relationship between weather conditions and the sponsors' state. We will see if colder or hotter conditions would discourage congressmen to come at certain times of the year(done with groupby's as well) (hopefully not).
